[FrameworkBundle] Document the `resolve-env-vars` option of `lint:container` command (#20236)
symfony/symfony-docs: service_container.rst

    $ php bin/console lint:container

>     # optionally, you can force the resolution of environment variables;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # optionally, you can force to resolve the environment variables;
```
?

Author: The first one sounds more natural to me. Not sure if we can fully trust it, but I asked AI and it agrees on this 🤔
